Fix: Filter ContentExpiry changelist results by site (#32)
EligaServices/djangocms-content-expiry: CHANGELOG.rst

unreleased
==========

> * feat: Filter the Content Expiry Chnagelist PageContents Content Type by site, the feature can also be used by third parties to restrict the entries shown in the changelist.

Author: ```suggestion
* feat: Filter the Content Expiry Changelist PageContents and Alias Content Type by site, the feature can also be used by other third party packages to restrict the entries shown in the changelist.
```
